let's occupy a good size tongue
10 the small family or if we do not buy
two for a family more or less large
to sew it, we are going to occupy a piece of
onion and a fist of bay leaves and
salt to accompany we are going to use
these radishes and we will also occupy
cilantro we will also occupy avocado and
this is to taste or you like
and also chopped onion for
tortillas already occupy this corn flour
which is tastier
we are going to put the tongue to cook in a
Steam pot age by approximately
an hour with salt and onion leaves
laurel if they do not have a steamer pot
you can put the one early and it takes
from 3 to 4 hours since the language is
cooked we're going to start skinning the
or remove that little pellet that is left
above
remember that one hour is enough
for cooking in the steamer and
good since we removed all the little body
what's there, we just throw it away and go
to start applying it with a knife
Be careful if it's hot and we 're going to
make into small pieces like that in
squares all completely
to stay this way more or less like this
finely chopped finely apart in a
pan I'll put enough oil or
little to put to sauté this meat
already well chopped can make it well fried
or just to heat it depends on the
like you I like only
heat it and apart I have ready my
100 x tortillas quotations pique the
cilantro also pique
finely onion and sliced
radishes to accompany and of course
the hot sauce can not miss and good
let's prepare our taco here I have
the tortilla we add the tongue too
this we are going to add the onion and
we add the cilantro and you already
it depends also something else that you want
I'm going to add avocado
chopped and of course
spicy can add salt if it makes you
missing and with permission and well they were left
my tacos I hope and you liked it
leave your opinion and subscribe if not
they are subscribed many thanks for
see for all your support and I hope and the
make the truth that they were delicious
see you if god wants to
next video bay